Yaoyao, are you alright?
Thank you uncle
Yaoyao remembers
Put away your hypocrisy
Remember, Yaoyao's father died a long time ago
He's not your daughter
Stop pestering my mother and daughter
Who the hell are you?
Dare to hit me
Do you not want to live?
You don't deserve to know who I am
Who the hell are you scaring?
Mix in this area
Rely on strength
It's about context.
Do you know who my boss is?
That's Jin Ye
Are you afraid?
Jin Ye is the king of Yuncheng on earth
Offend him and have no place to stand in Yuncheng
There is no tiger in the mountain and the monkey is called the king
Little Cloud City is also equipped with an underground king
Tell you
Even the underground king of the entire Great Xia, King Shura
You have to bow down in front of me
You stinky fish seller
It's okay if you haven't seen Jin Ye
What Shura do you give me back?
Why don't you say you are the first person in the building?
You Wesson
How many dogs do you have that aren't acting tough here?
Xiao Chen, you are crazy
Zhao Deqing turned his hands in Yuncheng for the clouds and covered his hands for the rain
You say this because you think it's not bad enough for my mother and daughter
It has to kill us to be grateful
Forgive Qin Xue
In the past, I ordered the life and death of 10,000 people
It's the enemy's flag
I don't care about these ants at all
Don't worry, I'm here.
No one in this world can touch you and Yao
The dog is so thirsty
You kiss me right here